Tool/vonk 3875 document auth (#172)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: tools/firely-auth/firely-auth-deploy.rst

A docker image is available on the Docker hub, under `firely/auth`.

See the instructions on :ref:`running Firely Server in Docker <use_docker>` to learn about adjusting settings and providing the license file.
Firely Auth is configured in the same way.

.. _firely_auth_deploy_inmemory:

InMemory user store
-------------------

The InMemory user store is only meant for testing your setup or evaluating Firely Auth.
For production use configure the SQL Server user store.

The users for the InMemory user store can be configured in :ref:`firely_auth_settings_userstore`

.. _firely_auth_deploy_sql:

SQL Server user store
---------------------

Use of the SQL Server user store requires Microsoft SQL Server version 2016 or newer.

Using your favourite database administration tool:

- create a new database, e.g. 'firely_auth_store'
- in this database, execute the script ``scripts/InitializeSchema.sql``, available in the binaries
- create a connectionstring to this database
- configure :ref:`firely_auth_settings_userstore`
  
  .. code-block:: json

    {
      "Type": "SqlServer",
      "SqlServer": {
        "ConnectionString": "<connectionstring from previous step>"
      }
    }

> In the connectionstring you can use a user that is only allowed to read and write from the existing tables, no further DDL is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the connection string you can use a user that is only allowed to read and write from the existing tables, no further DDL is needed.
```
